The Microsoft Search in Bing Team is looking for a Data and Applied Scientist II to work in the exciting space of large scale machine learning, natural language processing with transformer-based NER models, data mining, and analytics. This role provides an opportunity to research and apply state of the art machine learning technology to mine from enterprise data information that can be valuable to our customers such as discovering and creating pages about common topics and projects for a given company, finding all documents related to that topic, finding definitions of topics, and finding related people and experts for a topic.

About Microsoft Search In Bing

Microsoft Search in Bing is a new search offering that helps you save time by bringing you the best of the web and enterprise content in a single experience. While web search has evolved significantly over last decade, enterprise users continue to use antiquated search technologies. The Microsoft Search in Bing team is strategically positioned to solve this problem as we have access to M365 Enterprise data and expertise in Bing’s search technology. Our mission is to

make it easy for people to discover their enterprise content from a variety of data sources while leveraging their existing habit of searching from the browser address bar resulting in improved productivity for them. We take the best of search technology to power Enterprise search experiences while upholding our compliance and privacy promises to customers. We work closely with S2500 Enterprises, serving tens of millions of users, with a plan to grow multifold in the near future. For more information on Microsoft Search in Bing see https://www.bing.com/business/explore.

Responsibilities
Design, prototype, and implement machine learning and natural language processing models.
Work with science and engineering team to architect and develop operational models that run at scale
Partner with other teams to identify and explore opportunities for product improvement
Provide technical leadership by proposing models, guiding junior scientist and reviewing experiments and models

Required

Qualifications
BS/MS in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, or related disciplines. PhD is preferred.
3+ years of professional experience in application of machine learning, data science and analysis
2+ years of experience in at least one of the deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow etc.
2+ years of experience in at least one programming language such as Python/R/C#/Java/C++
Excellent communication and collaborative skills

Preferred
Experience with NLP is a plus

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Industry
Computer Hardware  Computer Software  Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time

Job Functions
Other
